Display `SleepPageView` after launching the app (#91)
ios-course/swiftcowboys-team-project: CHANGELOG.md

-  Added the `UserDefaults+SharedAppPreferences` extension with unit tests - [#84](https://github.com/ios-course/swiftcowboys-team-project/pull/84)
-  Added the `Date+ShortComponents` extension  with unit tests - [#87](https://github.com/ios-course/swiftcowboys-team-project/pull/87)
-  Added the `SleepPageView` screen where user can set up an alarm and start the sleep tracking mode - [#88](https://github.com/ios-course/swiftcowboys-team-project/pull/88)

> -  Added the ability to display the `SleepPageView` after launching the application - [#91](https://github.com/ios-course/swiftcowboys-team-project/pull/91)

Reviewer: The following changes are missing here:
Added ability to return to the SleepPageView screen after clicking on Stop Sleeping.

Author: Thx. Fixed.

Yes, we don't need `ContenView`, I'll delete it

-  Added the `Date+ShortComponents` extension  with unit tests - [#87](https://github.com/ios-course/swiftcowboys-team-project/pull/87)
-  Added the `SleepPageView` screen where user can set up an alarm and start the sleep tracking mode - [#88](https://github.com/ios-course/swiftcowboys-team-project/pull/88)
-  Updated `README.md` file with "Dev environment"/"Installation" sections. Updated the list of active contributors (authors). Updated dir structure with the `Docs` dir to store docs used in the repository - [#86](https://github.com/ios-course/swiftcowboys-team-project/pull/86)

> -  Added the ability to display the `SleepPageView` after launching the application. Added ability to return to the `SleepPageView` screen after clicking on `Stop Sleeping`. Delete `ContentView` - [#91](https://github.com/ios-course/swiftcowboys-team-project/pull/91)

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
-  Updated `SleepTrackerApp` so that the `SleepPageView` is displayed when app runs. Added the ability to move from `DuringSleepView` to `SleepPageView` when clicking on the `Stop Sleeping` button. Delete `ContentView` - [#91](https://github.com/ios-course/swiftcowboys-team-project/pull/91)
```

Author: Fixed

Reviewer 2: ```
Removed unnecessary `ContentView`. The background image now ignores safe areas.
```

Author: @MikhailKosarev fixed.

> -  Updated `SleepTrackerApp` so that the `SleepPageView` is displayed when app runs. Added the ability to move from `DuringSleepView` to `SleepPageView` when clicking on the `Stop Sleeping` button. Removed unnecessary `ContentView`. The background image now ignores safe areas - [#91](https://github.com/ios-course/swiftcowboys-team-project/pull/91)

Reviewer 3: nit:

```suggestion
-  Updated the app so that the the `SleepPageView` is displayed when the app runs. Added the ability to navigate from `DuringSleepView` back to `SleepPageView` when clicking on the `Stop Sleeping` button. Removed unnecessary `ContentView`. The background image now ignores safe areas - [#91](https://github.com/ios-course/swiftcowboys-team-project/pull/91)
```

> -  Updated the app so that the the `SleepPageView` is displayed when the app runs. Added the ability to navigate from `DuringSleepView` back to `SleepPageView` when clicking on the `Stop Sleeping` button. Removed unnecessary `ContentView`. The background image now ignores safe areas - [#91](https://github.com/ios-course/swiftcowboys-team-project/pull/91)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Updated the app so that the `SleepPageView` is displayed when the app runs. Added the ability to navigate from `DuringSleepView` back to `SleepPageView` when clicking on the `Stop Sleeping` button. Removed unnecessary `ContentView`. The background image now ignores safe areas - [#91](https://github.com/ios-course/swiftcowboys-team-project/pull/91)
```

Author: fixed
